of the community and five.
And sir, it is hard to hear them criticize
for having done that job.
They've done it as best they know how
and the keeping with the law of the land
and in keeping with the mandate of this committee
to investigate inefficiency and failure to act
on the part of the executive.
And I am sure sir, that John Edgar Hoover
and the FBI and what they picked off
would be the last people to criticize this
or any other congressional committee
for pointing out to the American public
to fact that government agencies have taken north.
That's the I warning and fail to act
on the basis of information which Mr. Hoover
had given to them.
And I want to thank you Senator Runch
for giving me the opportunity to clarify this.
This is your last report.
We just start by today.
I'm in Palley and Favour of any government employee
coming here as a last resort.
Well, maybe as a middle resort, if he is followed it,
but as a court of first resort,
I don't think this is the right place for it in the car.
You've just heard Chairman modern out
that the next session of the hearing will be at 2 p.m.
Disapproved.
Of any kind or at any time.
The uniformed officers that you see before you.
And the plain closing seated among you
have standing orders from the committee
to remove immediately from the room
a lightly but firmly and without any further instructions
on the chair.
Any advice to the reasons no one did
and for all the students to violate the terms of the agreement
by which you entered the room,
namely to completely refrain from audible manifestations
of approval or disagree.
As we concluded the morning session,
Council Zincens was interrogating in cross examination.
Mr. Rauy-Colk, Mr. Zincens, you may resume at this point.
Mr. Coln, you may now have ready and prepared
to turn over to this committee.
The documents, memorandum, data,
prepared by either Mr. Shine or as a result of the conferences
between Mr. Shine and the members of the committee,
after his induction in the Army.
Mr. Zincens, during the lunch hour,
we imposed the prime minister,
may the review staff to come up and shut him his fan's talk,
which we had and we started going through it
to the purpose of eliminating the names of confidential informants,
which were not called for by the statement.
We have made a certain amount of progress,
and I can make a partial production now, sir,
with the assurance that the end of the day or tomorrow,
whenever else it might be, with the member of your staff working along with us,
we will continue going through the material and furnishings,
as we go along.
I wonder if Mr. Coln, next in action,
is just to state this matter up,
I have got several members of the staff available.
It was Mr. Zincens, one member of the staff,
and I have no objection at all,
including the Illinois Council of Work Bism,
with the understanding of personnel,
the names of the informants involved,
there we go through the balance of the material and the,
there are a bring-up once,
a little tear to the bear on the shine work.
We have members of our staff available,
and they can take a condition of that,
they can continue to be grateful to you.
Well, I was going to say something,
I could be there, and I wonder if we could do it after the hearing.
I think he wanted to shine there,
I know he followed your hearing,
so I'm sorry.
On television, Mr. Jam and I think that I can finish
the center of theography,
one of the members of my staff,
this is the preparation that worked,
because the activities, so the Jam and the staff,
they'll learn the task and know that they're easy,
they should be able to work together,
they're complete, checking the parts of the files,
they're not being checked, and the means are in the,
so the first folder I'll give you,
contains grants and notes carrying on,
will be in German annually for us
for the, uh,
what's the committee?
Uh, I wish they'd shine work.
I've discussed these in some detail with Mr. Maynard,
and thought Mr. Shine,
and I think he has a general idea of it,
but some of the required,
I might say we did not,
unfortunately say all of the draft,
as a matter of fact,
we do not say the draft is of any of our reports.
We still have the end product,
the important thing, the reports themselves,
and we still have some notes
and the reference to earlier draft,
uh, some of them I noticed are in the kind handwriting,
and we are submitting those,
so, uh, you hear, sir, in one folder,
um,
I've got,
uh,
some other material here,
which we've gone through,
I worked with Mr. Shine,
that while he was with the committee,
communications written by him,
uh,
which we've all looked over and determined
that there is nothing in here,
which would violate security,
or disclose the name of a confidential informant,
not anything in the first folder of the valley.
I don't think so, sir.
Please be to just be, uh,
most bearing on the, uh,
intermin annual report,
and I don't see anything in those
which could violate security.
Mr. Cohen, are you sparing those now with this committee?
Well, I'm too bolder.
I'm submitting a fee as there are
a facility or direction for whatever use you might be sent.
There are no restrictions with tax, um,
I'm certainly not twice by me.
And as far as you are concerned,
or as far as none of the McCarthy is concerned,
they are available for inspection by each
and every member of this committee.
Yes, sir. That's greatly understood.
Yes, sir.
And Mr. Cohen, you are preparing
a working reception and, uh,
was the ending you are presenting to this committee,
the balance of the documents
that are worth done by Mr. Shyam,
representing the end result of the work
that he did for the committee,
I think his induction in the army is that correct?
You know, well, I was just giving everything.
You're giving us everything, yes sir.
And there is deleted from it the name of any informants
as we understand, yes sir.
And those are the only deletions.
Well, sir, there's a question about things
with your security information.
I don't know what you want to do about that.
But they are being fired with the committee.
So I don't know if the decision has been reached on that or not.
Now,
sir,
uh, I don't know just what my position is going to be
with respect to these files
that I can certainly simplify for everyone.
Uh, as I think Mr. Cornwall,
as I am interested in the work,
as if you were Mr. Jenkins,
you're questioning a waste of work.
Uh, Mr. Shyam's work's taught us after induction.
And I said to Mr. Smith,
that he's now produced everything that Mr. Shyam did
while I was in committee,
while I was a talk to induction holder.
No, sir, uh,
the notice that the proposed covered
worked on by him during the time he was with the committee.
Uh, there was sort of a second category of work done
between the time we knew he was going to be inducted
and the time he was actually inducted.
One material after his induction,
and of course after his induction,
there was only that very limited work he did
while doing his army training at the same time.
Now, the bulk of that work,
as far as written works is concerned,
was on the interim report
and certain sections of the annual report
is a subcommittee.
We did not keep the draft,
however,
how there are any fits in some of the notes
concerning the draft.
And, uh, I am submitting those for your inspection now.
The Dragonfolder, Mr. Chairman,
before we leave that,
I hope the witness will have learned in one folder.
But in five of the time,
complete work product for an interior of folders
is complete work product after induction.
Mr. Morris talked about a work product with the Jenkins.
Uh, maybe I haven't made clear the way the committee functions.
Or, we don't produce a work product or anything like that.
Uh, what we do with lessons to these reports,
particularly is what was done with lessons to these reports was.
We got together,
the various people who worked on the investigation
and we prepared to report it underwent several drafts,
and then submitted it to members of this committee,
no, also members of the committee then.
These are the members of the subcommittee.
They made suggestions and changes.
And eventually the end product results.
I have already given Mr. Welch that end product
in the form of the three interim reports.
There are some others with which shine has nothing to do.
And I believe I've given Mr. Welch the annual report
and Mr. Shine worked on certain sections of the annual report.
I am now in addition in a folder,
giving to you, sir, and Mr. Welch,
certainly welcome to it.
Uh, what notes we have with reference to the preparation of the interim reports.
We did not, unfortunately, say,
full of the draft prepared by Shine and myself and other staff members
and worked on by Senator Munch, Senator Dixon,
Senator Potter and Senator McClock.
We do all we have is some isolated notes and things of that time.
I've assembled some of those together here in a folder.
I'm now filing those with the committee for your inspection
and that of Mr. Welch.
The second folder which I have is some work with Shine did
when he was a very small question of the work.
With Shine did when he was with this subcommittee.
We have gone over this, going a lunch hour
and there's nothing to worry,
why that's being filed.
The first thing which I was about to come to
are certain minutes.
Uh, Santa Grafick minutes made of staff interviews conducted by Dave Shine
in the month prior to it's being inducted into the Army.
Because you remember Mr. Jenkins, you asked me what stuff we took
to have Shine clean up his work before he went in.
I think I told you that certain things were done.
One of them was that we called in for examination witnesses
on whom he had information.
We had a stenographer there and we let Mr. Shine question
those witnesses and get that information down so we would have it.
Now that is confidential.
And it's never been released public.
But publicly there are references in here.
These call from October 8 through two or three days before Mr. Shine
was inducted.
I think Philip A. Before he was inducted.
Now, there are matters in here.
Uh, sort of executive, executive session type of material.
So there are matters in the concerning allegations against witnesses
which might be unfounded.
Things which this committee would ordinarily not make trouble
because they were constitute a reflection upon the person
under investigation and it might be an unwarranted reflection
if he could explain away the derogatory information.
But we are submitting to you sir, the interrogatories
or questioning conducted by Mr. Shine during that period of time
in the right here.
Now,
well sir.
Mr. Cohen, this one question I don't think will interrupt you.
I'm sure what Mr. Wells has in mind and I believe that I have asked
for it, Mr. Elk and it's...
I think this one question will embrace precisely
for these answers and what I have here to ask for.
Just hand you in one folder, segregate,
from everything else in your file that pertains to the work
at Run the day Shine.
Invases that one folder.
Documents and memorandums that will fully reflect
the types and the character and the standard work
run by Shine, Icedhurst, November 3rd.
Not so we can fully reflect the type of character work.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Wells.
Well sir, I can only tell you again when I move things three to eight.
I don't even think you can substantially do it.
You can tell us to this extent.
Some of the work he did in perhaps the most important,
certainly one of the most important things was working on
the preparation of the interim report.
Now I can tell you in some detail just about how the interim report
were written, just what Shine did with reference to them,
why he had to do anything and how he tried to avoid having him
do anything and run for trouble.
Well now there are no documents to replace.
Yes, to pay for the work.
A lot of them.
Actually, there are.
There are some documents which still contain his notes and do
like some extent this preparatory work.
Can you actually move now?
I've done that, sir.
You already done that.
Yes sir, and this report.
And do you have no report told or reflect the work done
the day Shine subsequent to November 3rd?
This falls, it does not reflect more,
or even a good part of the work he did.
It's subsequent to November 3rd.
Because the good deal of the work he did was talking to various staff
members about investigations and problems and witnesses,
and he was in the committee.
And that would not reduce itself to written forms.
Part of it was documented in part not.
Well, sir, I would say very little of it was documented.
There is some.
I have to say that, sir.
For instance, we found here a witness with prepared by Mr. Shine
giving the name.
And in some cases, the phone number and the approximate
location of witnesses, he had handled.
When he was in the committee, he thought we ought to take up
the information.
Now that he was in the army, we talked that over during the new
now, it's there.
And some of those witnesses, I believe, worked for government.
Others have not been otherwise exposed.
And I believe it was none of the positions.
That's a furnished that list, which was prepared by Mr. Shine when he was in the army.
We'll give away the names in in some case to see telephone numbers and locations
from these witnesses.
And he thought that that should not be done, sir.
Now, in that same fall that there are other notes, Mr. Shine,
made putting down his recollection as to certain derogatory information we had received,
an located shooter that might be a revelation of these sorts of that information.
And it was sent in a must-havey position.
And I, my stator, that was always psyched from a fair standpoint,
I think it's a very well taken position, that we should not be required to make
public the names and the phone numbers of these informants,
even though it is work sent by Dave Shine, as for his induction in the army.
I have that in this folder here.
In addition to that, sir, apparently a couple of the staff members who went to see him
fit, discussed that matter with him and did prepare memoranda or something like that,
as they're having torque with him.
Those will be examined later this afternoon, or are being examined now,
to see whether or not production of those will reveal the name,
will or will not reveal the name of confidential informant,
if they will.
We will not submit him, if they will not, sir.
We will be very happy to submit them.
In short, now, as we understand it, Mr. Cohen,
you will submit in one jacket or one size, isolated from everything else.
Yes sir.
Documents and data and memoranda, reflecting the work done by Mr. Shine,
subsequent to November 3rd, which does not reveal the name of informant or security risk.
Yes sir.
And on the very, on the state, sir, that this is not a business of producing writings or producing work.
I'm saying the committee will have to take you on other members of the staff's work.
Sure.
For additional work that he did.
Are we on the same page?
Yes sir.
Well, now Mr. Cohen, you have examined the summer-leaven memoranda.
Have you not, that were finished, that were delivered to the chairman of this committee,
back in March?
Yes sir.
I suppose I pass.
I suppose memoranda, do you, Mr. Cohen?
Yes sir.
And I will ask you to identify those memoranda for the benefit of the record.
Yes, American, from our HISTANDI.
Yes sir.
Now what are the minutes, Cohen, for the benefit of the record?
As far as I know sir, they are not the only ones who have been here.
Yes sir.
Now what are the minutes, Cohen, for the benefit of the record?
As far as I know sir, they are memorandas from Senator McCarthy's file,
concerning various of these matters in our relation for Senator Adams and Mr. Steefe.
How many, if any of those memorandas were six-tated, are prepared by you?
Just one moment, isn't it?
I would say that the November 6th one was probably six-tated by me.
That's the second memoranda in the file was probably dictated by you.
Now let's talk about that, Mr. Cohen.
Yes sir.
Now you may go ahead and answer the question fully.
Whatever you say.
Chairman of the rest of them and the fellow committee, how many of those memorandas were dictated
are prepared by you and your supervision?
Yes sir.
I'll say no.
No other 17th probably sir.
I know if I mention my name left, which means I probably dictated it.
That's probably the same for obviously, I think.
Not that, it's just standard procedure.
November 6th, November 7th, is that correct?
Yes sir.
December 9th.
January 14th.
January 14th?
That's it.
Now let's see whether or not there are two memorandas dated December 9th.
So I was referring to the first one which passed my name, sir, and was dictated by me.
Then you dictated there are eleven and all are there not?
Yes sir.
And the eleven four of whom were dictated are prepared by you are under your supervision.
Yes.
Is that correct?
Yes sir.
Picking up these memorandum Mr. Cohn, particularly the first one November 6th.
Now let's see the exact same of the median and then I will ask you to tie a last as an exhibit for your testimony.
Sure.
Do you want me to read the whole thing?
As our members isn't long and I'm sure the committee would be interested.
How was it?
They put you want me to read that a while.
Yes sir.
Yes, I was.
Friday November 6th, at the recross of Mr. Steven.
Senator McCarthy, Frank Karin, Roy Karin, went to Stevens-Buff, the Pentagon for lunch.
John Adams was present.
Steven said so to outline what evidence would be presented our schedule of public hearings on the Army's signal call which we did.
Steven said that if we brought out everything he would have to resign.
He said he had been in office for ten months and would have to take responsibility.
He said they were practically, they were particularly worried about our seeking to identify those who were responsible for not acting
to get rid of Tommy and his security risks in the Army and would order everything to take.
Mr. Steven said that we hold up our public hearings on the Army.
He suggested we go after the Navy Air Force and the Defense Department instead.
We said first of all we had no evidence warranting an investigation of these other departments.
Adams said not to worry about that because there was plenty of fear there and they were furnished as police.
Mr. Steven thought this was the answer to his problem.
We said this was not possible because we have already planned our next investigation which was one of the version in defense plan,
handling government and military contracts.
He asked why we did not start on that and we told him we were jammed up trying to get out our reports to fire and with the moment's investigation.
And that they excited about the end of the Army and had much information and material on the reports and investigations that we could not get along with that.
Mr. Steven said he would arrange for Dave to complete the work over weekends and after training hours.
We said this would be silent factory in a bay was going to do this work after hours.
It would help some extent.
After lunch general Rich Ray, General Trudeau and General Munchie came in and we reviewed our evidence of the signal on the signal court for their benefit.
The Sergeant McCarthy reiterated in the appraisal that he would cooperate as much as possible but that under no circumstances would there be a white wash of the Army situation because one reason a North Administration wise alike,
was to prevent the covering up of communist and local detectives.
Now you have been investigating Fort Monmouth and some virtues in Fort Monmouth.
So, I was probably,
a huge later groundwork strike months prior to that.
So, here was a coronavirus investigation which started back in the spring.
And you had had numerous conferences with both the Secretary of the Army and Mr. Adams prior to November 6th said you not Mr. Cohn.
I was just saying numerous by the way.
You mean you were both Mr. Steven's and Mr. Adams?
Yes.
Why had you not made a memorandum of any previous conversation with the Secretary of the Attorney, Mr. Cohn?
I believe we did.
When you had not made any yourself as we have done.
No, but Mr. Cohn made one of the, I told the second meeting with Mr. Steven Ben Sir I was not have seen the necessity of us all still.
Did you know that Mr. Carr had made that memorandum of October 2nd?
I can't say that I did say no.
You did not participate in the dictation or preparation of it?
No.
Did you know of its existence until this matter came to public life in March?
I can't say that I did say.
But you own your own initiative and alone prepared the one of November 6th.
No, sir. I wasn't quite like that.
Was not on my own initiative.
Public did not allow.
First of all, I believe Mr. Carr was there with me as I recall if that was 6th 8th.
Perhaps we had come back to this building from the meeting in Mr. Steven's office.
And I believe that Senator McCarthy has done before on another occasion which I remember in a different investigation.
Told me to dictate to Mary Driscoll 8th and up to supply it.
Clawed on at the meeting.
Did Senator McCarthy direct the unique thesis memorandum of November 6th?
Is our equality just there?
I don't know, I don't know, but the direction.
I was a suggestion.
Suggest you.
Yes sir.
Where did you dig deep in Senator McCarthy's office?
To whom?
Mary Driscoll.
To Mary Driscoll.
Yes sir.
She is the senator's secretary.
That's right.
She's the personal secretary.
She is the one that will make you dictate something.
Now that is not your office's.
It's cold.
Your office is in 101.
Actually sir, I don't have an office as such.
We have a room down in 101 with one desk and one chair.
That is you jointly by Mr. Carr and myself.
The person who gets their first occupied chair.
In addition to that, I spend, I would say, a good deal at my time, up in and around Senator McCarthy's office.
I don't know which I call home when I'm down here, but I'm in both of them a good deal.
To whom was the one that was second dictated?
I don't know that in my own knowledge sir.
Mr. Carr, I would tell you to whom he dictated it.
Yes sir.
Who did he say Mr. Carr?
That's the Mary.
Mary Driscoll.
To Mary Driscoll.
To whom was the other nine memorandum of the dictated?
I can't say sir, my own personal knowledge.
I would say you'll find the most of them.
I would dictate it to Mary Driscoll.
I'll say you would find them.
Now three additional ones were dictated by you as we know.
Yes sir.
Well to whom were they dictated?
Sir, I can say with a few exceptions possibly that anything I dictated up in Senator McCarthy's office.
With the dictated to Mary and much she's there, I might...
But you have not said that you dictated your four in Senator McCarthy's office.
Did you miss Cole?
I did sir.
All four of them.
And your best recollection is that maybe Driscoll, Mr. Wilson, the dictation.
Yes sir, except in a very rare instance I was only dictating for something like that.
Too Mary Driscoll.
Unless she isn't there I might get mad on.
Now you have six occasions to take dictation in Room 101 to you not.
Oh yes.
So well, that depends again.
We have thought recently in the past two or three weeks,
it's been a realignment in the office set up so that I think three or four of them have been moved down to 101.
And five to that time I believe there was one sir.
Francis Mendes.
Was Francis Mendes in Room 101 working there?
That was your eight quarters?
I had been in the months of October and November December and month seven to go back to him.
I think so sir.
I couldn't be...
I couldn't be positive but we could check that very easily.
That's four of these.
Uh...
You being the author of those four?
Yes sir.
Were dictated to Mary Driscoll in Senator McCarthy's office?
Where were the original's left?
This call?
I don't have any items.
I can throw all items with dictation.
You did not sign them?
No sir.
I never...
Did you ever see them?
I see you dictated?
I don't believe I did and I might say this.
I don't think I ever sign any memorandum.
Do you know where Mr. Driscoll kept those memorandums?
No sir.
I assume she kept them.
You never had occasion to call for them since that time?
No sir. I did not.
I'm sure understanding that Mr. Nino, how many of these memorandums were dictated by Mr. Carr?
Like a townspear.
So I will ask you to do that.
Yes sir.
One...
Two...
Three...
Four...
Five, six...
I might...
Did you say five or six?
Six.
Six of Mr. Carr?
Four of you?
Yes sir.
And one of the Senator McCarthy's.
I think that's it sir.
Now, did Mr. Carr tell you that he dictated all of his to Mrs. Driscoll?
Yes.
I think he said he could have given them all the memorandums.
Did the Senator ever tell you to whom he dictated his one memorandum?
I sure that would have been married to Mr. Driscoll sir.
Then it is your opinion now that Mrs. Driscoll took in shorthand and tied these 11 memorandums that you've hired before you.
Yes.
Is that correct?
Yes sir.
Well Mr. Cohn, do you know whether or not I've you ever asked Mrs. Mrs. Mrs. or Mrs. Mrs. Mrs. Mrs. She's married ladies.
Yes.
Have you ever asked Mrs. Mrs. Giskole to ascertain whether or not she could find her original shorthand notes?
No.
You've not made any claim about that.
Well, there was a discussion about it sir.
I'm pretty sure that Mrs. Driscoll and I suppose nobody out there keeps shut in notebooks.
I think to get a picture of that officer, Mr. Jenkins, I don't know if you've ever been up there.
But uh...
Well, I haven't had the pleasure in the Army yet and you mean the same.
And I'm not the pleasure to mean that the senator is not from a sobrietyl in the keeping of these records.
Sorry, sorry.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
It's not being a sobrietyl and you get seven or eight thousand letters a day.
And you have a cotton bowl of letters and uh... stock it in and you think just uh...
All around the place there is just a thing.
I spoke just about the 50th office in the field.
Oldenburg, E.S., have never been never around with it.
That's the year of the old position chairman.
They were given the chairman months of management at history class by Trump's class,
since I'm here to determine that...
That's about the second part of the office.
That's on that day right there.
Do you know where this difficult battle goes, documents?
I don't know of my own personal knowledge.
I was able to isolate them from the very smiles and assemble them and send them over to Senator Munn.
So I can't say I know of my own personal knowledge where she found them.
I have very good ideas. They were being the files.
Would being evolved in in one file?
I can't answer that sir.
Mr. Cohn, would you consider it out of order if we ask you to step aside and call Mr. Cohn?
I'm Christian.
Do you hear about these documents?
Not my judgment sir, whatever you say.
I miss chairman, I think perhaps that should be that.
At this time.
Very well.
While they're looking for Mrs. Dessko, let's return to our studio to cost the country to permit our station to identify themselves.
This is ABC telep...
I am Joe, I'm Mr. Jenkins.
The dramatic is a great deal, but I probably could have passed my call with some sort of giving them 20-hour notice.